# Modman file generated by 'generate-modman' (https://github.com/mhauri/generate-modman)
# app/locale
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Adminhtml.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_AdminNotification.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Api.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Api2.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Api2.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Authorizenet.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Authorizenet.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Backup.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Bundle.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Captcha.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Captcha.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Catalog.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_CatalogRule.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Centinel.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Centinel.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Checkout.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Cms.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Compiler.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Compiler.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_ConfigurableSwatches.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_ConfigurableSwatches.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Connect.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Connect.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Contacts.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Core.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Cron.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_CurrencySymbol.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_CurrencySymbol.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Customer.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Dataflow.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Directory.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Downloadable.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Eav.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_GiftMessage.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_GoogleBase.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_ImportExport.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_ImportExport.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Index.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Index.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Install.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Log.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Log.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Media.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Newsletter.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_OAuth.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_OAuth.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Page.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_PageCache.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_PageCache.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Paygate.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Payment.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Paypal.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_PaypalUk.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Persistent.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Persistent.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Poll.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_ProductAlert.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Rating.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Reports.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Review.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Rss.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Rule.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Sales.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_SalesRule.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Sendfriend.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Shipping.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Sitemap.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Tag.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Tax.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Usa.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Weee.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Widget.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Widget.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Wishlist.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Mage_XmlConnect.csv app/locale/en_GB/Mage_XmlConnect.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Phoenix_Moneybookers.csv app/locale/en_GB/Phoenix_Moneybookers.csv
